Title: Bill Mickey Is Named Editorial Director for Choice, Succeeding Tom Radko

----

Date: 01-02-2016

----

Text:

*​Middletown, CT – February 1, 2016:*

Effective immediately, Bill Mickey has been named editorial director of Choice. (link: http://choice360.org text: Choice), a publishing unit of the Association of College and Research Libraries, a division of the American Library Association, is the publisher of Choice, the premier source for reviews of new English-language books and digital resources for academic libraries.

Previously, Bill served as editorial director of Folio: magazine at Red 7 Media, a division of Access Intelligence. Bill joined Red 7 Media in 2004 and held a variety of positions within its publishing group, including senior editor for Folio: and executive editor of Expo magazine. Prior to joining Red 7, Bill was editor of EContent, where he was instrumental in relaunching the 30-year-old magazine covering the digital content market. Before that, he served as editor of Online magazine, a trade publication serving information professionals and corporate and academic librarians who use online database and digital information products.

Bill steps into the role vacated by Tom Radko, who retired in 2015 after over a decade with Choice. He will report to Mark Cummings, editor and publisher of Choice.

“Bill brings to this position a substantial knowledge of information technologies and the digital marketplace—skills that will be invaluable as we refine Choice’s publishing strategies—and extensive experience as a director of editorial operations,”said Cummings. “The combination of Bill's experience in digital media and our own deep understanding of the information needs of academic libraries should yield exciting new opportunities for Choice-branded products and initiatives.”

----

Footnote:

***

### About Choice
Choice is the publishing unit of the Association of College & Research Libraries (ACRL), a division of the American Library Association. Founded in 1964, Choice has for over 50 years been the premier source for reviews of academic books and digital resources of interest to scholars and students in higher education. Please visit Choice at (link: http://www.choice360.org) for more information.

Contact: Laura Mullen, (tel: 860-347-6933) x124​
(email: lmullen@ala-choice.org​)
